hi everybody today i want to recap a
comedy fantasy movie called click hope
you enjoy
michael newman is an architect who is
consistently bullied by his overbearing
boss john ammer and often chooses work
over his wife donna and his two children
ben and samantha
one day michael visits the retail store
bed bath and beyond to buy a universal
remote control
he stumbles around the various
departments before falling asleep
upon waking he accepts a free remote
control from a man named morty who warns
him that it can never be returned
[Music]
michael learns that the remote can be
used to control reality much like a
television
hold it in for five minutes and keep the
freaking volume down
[Music]
he uses it to his advantage at work to
cause light-hearted mischief and to fast
forward past
sick man illnesses forward me till i'm
better
what
it's monday already
huh
[Music]
you're on it now yeah
yeah
traffic traffic no more traffic
[Music]
that's what i'm talking about baby
you look a little pale there pal oh oh
there's barney i love you
you love me that jogger had giant
boobies
okay
let's get you that tan you've been
searching for
that's it
that's it check out julio iglesias
[Music]
mordy tells michael that during these
times his body is on autopilot going
through his motions of everyday life
while his mind skips ahead
thinking that amber has promoted him to
a partnership michael buys bicycles for
his children in a purse for donna
however ammer tells him that he has not
yet been promoted and thus cannot afford
the gifts and has to return them
to
these documents it's gonna take me
months
and you better get started
wow i just got a big headache i didn't
see anything
oh i forgot to tell you i hung out with
your friend janine this weekend
[Music]
anyway the sooner you be
partnerized i taste [ __ ] you do
stacy
did you
put [ __ ] in my lunch
angry that he upset his family michael
uses the remote to skip ahead to his
promotion thus missing a year of his
life
during this time he and donna have
entered marriage counseling his children
have matured and the family dog has died
the remote having learned his
preferences starts time skipping
automatically
each time michael attempts to discard or
destroy the remote it reappears and
morty refuses to take it back
at work amer tells michael he plans on
retiring which would make michael the
new head of the international division
and that in time michael could be
promoted to ceo
this causes the remote to instantly fast
forward 10 years into the future where
michael is extremely wealthy but
morbidly obese and lives alone in a
luxury apartment
he returns home to discover that ben now
overweight like himself and samantha
have both become moody teenagers and
that donna has divorced him and
remarried to a man named bill
when he argues with them the new family
dog jumps on michael and knocks him into
a coma
the remote time skips six years to when
michael wakes no longer obese as a
result of having undergone liposuction
to save his life as a part of his cancer
treatment and subsequent heart attack
a full-grown ban is now a partner at the
firm
michael learns that his father ted has
died of old age
morty reappears as michael mourns him
michael uses the remote to see when he
last saw his father when michael
rebuffed his father's offer to take him
and ben out to dinner
at ted's grave morty appears and reveals
to michael that he is the angel of death
overcome with guilt and shame michael
asks to go to a good place whereupon the
remote fast forwards him several more
years in the future to ben's wedding
he overhears samantha referred to bill
as dad triggering a second heart attack
he wakes in the hospital that night to
find his family there including ben who
reveals he skipped his honeymoon to help
fix issues with the firm before a nurse
makes ben and samantha leave
fearing ben will make the same mistakes
he did michael gathers the last of his
strength to follow them out of the
hospital but collapses and subsequently
dies but not before telling ben to put
his wife before work and assures his
family that he still loves them
[Music]
you're not going anywhere get back into
the bed
and they're colin farrell where
uh
[Music]
down
but
i love you
[Music]
michael reawakens in bed bath and beyond
and assumes that he was dreaming
he embraces his family and promises to
spend more time with them
he finds the remote on the counter along
with a note from morty who reveals he
has given him a second chance because
good guys need a break
michael throws the remote in the trash
in much to his delight it does not
reappear
thanks for watching consider to
subscribe and see you again in the next
video